dnsdist: Log Extended DNS Errors (EDE) to protobuf (#13185)
PowerDNS/pdns: pdns/dnsdistdist/docs/rules-actions.rst

  * ``serverID=""``: str - Set the Server Identity field.
  * ``ipEncryptKey=""``: str - A key, that can be generated via the :func:`makeIPCipherKey` function, to encrypt the IP address of the requestor for anonymization purposes. The encryption is done using ipcrypt for IPv4 and a 128-bit AES ECB operation for IPv6.
  * ``exportTags=""``: str - The comma-separated list of keys of internal tags to export into the ``tags`` Protocol Buffer field, as "key:value" strings. Note that a tag with an empty value will be exported as "<key>", not "<key>:". An empty string means that no internal tag will be exported. The special value ``*`` means that all tags will be exported.

>   * ``exportExtendedErrorsToMeta=""``: str - Export Extended DNS Errors present in the DNS response, if any, into the specified ``tags`` Protocol Buffer field. The EDE info code will be exported as an integer value, and the EDE extra text, if present, as a string value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * ``exportExtendedErrorsToMeta=""``: str - Export Extended DNS Errors present in the DNS response, if any, into the ``meta`` Protocol Buffer field using the specified ``key``. The EDE info code will be exported as an integer value, and the EDE extra text, if present, as a string value.
```
